Assignment 1: Creating a Simple Class
Create a class named Person with the following attributes:

name (string)
age (integer)
Include a method display_info that prints the person's name and age.

Tasks:

Create an instance of the Person class.
Set values for the name and age attributes.
Call the display_info method to print the person's information.


Assignment 2: Working with Methods and Parameters
Extend the Person class from Assignment 1 by adding a method celebrate_birthday that increments the person's age by 1.

Tasks:

Modify the Person class to include the celebrate_birthday method.

Create an instance of the Person class and set initial values for name and age.
Call the celebrate_birthday method and then use the display_info method to print the updated information.


Assignment 3: Building a Bank Account Class
Create a class named BankAccount with the following attributes:

account_holder (string)
balance (float)
Include methods:

deposit to add funds to the account.
withdraw to deduct funds from the account.

Tasks:

Create an instance of the BankAccount class.
Set values for the account_holder and balance attributes.
Call the deposit and withdraw methods to perform transactions.
Display the final balance.


Assignment 4: Enhancing the Bank Account Class
Modify the BankAccount class from Assignment 3 to include a method display_balance that prints the current balance.

Tasks:

Modify the BankAccount class to include the display_balance method.
Create an instance of the modified class.
Perform deposit and withdrawal transactions.
Call the display_balance method to print the final balance.

Assignment 5: Creating a Library Book Class
Create a class named Book with the following attributes:

title (string)
author (string)
is_available (boolean)
Include a method checkout that sets the is_available attribute to False when a book is borrowed.

Tasks:

Create an instance of the Book class.
Set values for the title, author, and is_available attributes.
Call the checkout method to simulate borrowing the book.
Display the book's information, including its availability.